README.md, before:


# Barometric Pressure Sensor MS5607 Library for Arduino


#### About MS5607
- High resolution module
- Fast conversion down to 1 ms
- Low power, 1 μA (standby < 0.15 μA)
- Supply voltage 1.8 to 3.6 V
- Operating range: 10 to 1200 mbar, -40 to +85 °C
- Small footprint
- I2C and SPI interface up to 20 MHz

#### Arduino Library

##### Content
- Latest Release [![GitHubrelease](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v0.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607/releases/latest/)
- Installation
  - [Arduino IDE](#arduino-ide)
    - [Using Git repository archive](#using-git-repository-archive)
  - [PlatformIO IDE](#platformio-ide)
    - [Using Git version](#using-git-version)
    - [Using PlatformIO library manager](#using-platformio-library-manager)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License and credits](#license-and-credits)

##### Arduino IDE
##### Using Git repository archive
- Goto repository [MS5607](https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607)
- Click on **Clone or Download** link and select **Download ZIP**
- Open Arduino IDE and select **Sketch** ->**Include Library** ->**Add .ZIP library**
- Restart Arduino IDE and Select **File** -> **Examples** -> **MS5607** for demo examples


##### PlatformIO IDE
PlatformIO is an open source ecosystem for IoT development with cross platform build system, library manager and full support for Arduino development. It works on the popular host OS: macOS, Windows, Linux 32/64, Linux ARM (like Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, CubieBoard).

- [What is PlatformIO?](https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/what-is-platformio.html#)
- [PlatformIO IDE](https://platformio.org/platformio-ide)
- [PlatformIO Core](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) (command line tool)
- [Advanced usage](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/platforms/espressif8266.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) - custom settings, Over-the-Air (OTA), staging version
- [Integration with Cloud and Standalone IDEs](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) - Cloud9, Codeanywhere, Eclipse Che (Codenvy), Atom, CLion, Eclipse, Emacs, NetBeans, Qt Creator, Sublime Text, VIM, Visual Studio, and VSCode
##### Using Git version (with Atom)
- Open **Atom Editor** -> **PlatformIO Home** -> **Libraries** -> **Registry** -> **Install**
- Past link [***https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607.git***]()
- Restart Atom Editor and library is ready import in your project


##### Documentation
- [Datasheet of MS5607](http://www.te.com/commerce/DocumentDelivery/DDEController?Action=showdoc&DocId=Data+Sheet%7FMS5607-02BA03%7FB2%7Fpdf%7FEnglish%7FENG_DS_MS5607-02BA03_B2.pdf%7FCAT-BLPS0035)

##### Contributing
- If minor bug fixes of code and documentation, please go ahead and submit a pull request.
- Check out the list of issues which are easy to fix.
- Larger changes should generally be discussed by opening an issue first.

##### License and credits

Arduino IDE is developed and maintained by the Arduino team. The IDE is licensed under GPL.
MS5607 library is developed and maintained by the Uravu Labs and licensed under GNU General Public License v2.0

Commit message:

updated how to install information

README.md, after:


# Barometric Pressure Sensor MS5607 Library for Arduino


#### About MS5607
- High resolution module
- Fast conversion down to 1 ms
- Low power, 1 μA (standby < 0.15 μA)
- Supply voltage 1.8 to 3.6 V
- Operating range: 10 to 1200 mbar, -40 to +85 °C
- Small footprint
- I2C and SPI interface up to 20 MHz

#### Arduino Library

##### Content
- Latest Release [![GitHubrelease](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v0.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607/releases/latest/)
- Installation
  - [Arduino IDE](#arduino-ide)
    - [Using Git repository archive](#using-git-repository-archive)
  - [PlatformIO IDE](#platformio-ide)
    - [Using Git version](#using-git-version)
    - [Using PlatformIO library manager](#using-platformio-library-manager)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License and credits](#license-and-credits)

##### Arduino IDE
##### Using Git repository archive
- Goto repository [MS5607](https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607)
- Click on **Clone or Download** link and select **Download ZIP**
- Open Arduino IDE and select **Sketch** ->**Include Library** ->**Add .ZIP library**
- Restart Arduino IDE and Select **File** -> **Examples** -> **MS5607** for demo examples


##### PlatformIO IDE
PlatformIO is an open source ecosystem for IoT development with cross platform build system, library manager and full support for Arduino development. It works on the popular host OS: macOS, Windows, Linux 32/64, Linux ARM (like Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, CubieBoard).

- [What is PlatformIO?](https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/what-is-platformio.html#)
- [PlatformIO IDE](https://platformio.org/platformio-ide)
- [PlatformIO Core](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) (command line tool)
- [Advanced usage](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/platforms/espressif8266.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) - custom settings, Over-the-Air (OTA), staging version
- [Integration with Cloud and Standalone IDEs](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ms5607) - Cloud9, Codeanywhere, Eclipse Che (Codenvy), Atom, CLion, Eclipse, Emacs, NetBeans, Qt Creator, Sublime Text, VIM, Visual Studio, and VSCode
##### Using Git version
- Open **Atom Editor** -> **PlatformIO Home** -> **Libraries** -> **Registry** -> **Install**
- Past link [***https://github.com/UravuLabs/MS5607.git***]()
- Restart Atom Editor and library is ready import in your project

##### Using PlatformIO library manager
-  Open **Atom Editor** -> **PlatformIO Home** -> **Libraries** -> **Registry**
-  Search for MS5607 and click on Install button
-  Restart Atom Editor and library is ready import in your project

##### Documentation
- [Datasheet of MS5607](http://www.te.com/commerce/DocumentDelivery/DDEController?Action=showdoc&DocId=Data+Sheet%7FMS5607-02BA03%7FB2%7Fpdf%7FEnglish%7FENG_DS_MS5607-02BA03_B2.pdf%7FCAT-BLPS0035)

##### Contributing
- If minor bug fixes of code and documentation, please go ahead and submit a pull request.
- Check out the list of issues which are easy to fix.
- Larger changes should generally be discussed by opening an issue first.

##### License and credits

Arduino IDE is developed and maintained by the Arduino team. The IDE is licensed under GPL.
MS5607 library is developed and maintained by the Uravu Labs and licensed under GNU General Public License v2.0
